CLR COM Event Handler returns E_INVALIDARG and Array Data is not Updatted when Event Parameter is double pointer to SAFEARRAY. (#975)
Microsoft/dotnet: Documentation/compatibility/interop-event-handlers-safearray.md

## .NET COM successfully marshals ByRef SafeArray parameters on events

### Scope
Minor

### Version Introduced
4.8

### Source Analyzer Status
NotPlanned

### Change Description

> Prior to this change an ByRef SafeArray parameter on a COM event would fail to marshal back to native code.  With this change the SafeArray is now marshalled successfully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the .NET Framework 4.7.2 and earlier versions, a ByRef SafeArray parameter on a COM event would fail to marshal back to native code.  With this change the SafeArray is now marshalled successfully.
```
Perhaps make SafeArray a link: /windows/desktop/api/oaidl/ns-oaidl-safearray

Author: Will do

- [ x ] Quirked
- [ ] Build-time break

### Recommended Action

> If properly marshalling ByRef SafeArray parameters on COM Events is thought to break execution, you can disable this code by setting the following configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If properly marshalling ByRef SafeArray parameters on COM Events breaks execution, you can disable this code by adding the following configuration switch to your application config:
```

> Add the following configuration switch to your application config:

Reviewer: This sentence can be deleted.
